Good morning, family! How are y'all
doing? I'm excited to be here today. I
have some things on my heart that the
Lord has been talking to me about in
prayer: interceding for Israel and for
Iran, and what's going on in the Middle
East right now. There is an escalation of things,
and I'm getting some
very heavy warnings whenever I pray.
One of the things I
was feeling
a
caution about talking about was
this thing going down in Cuba.
I
tried to tell you all in
the prayer video I did that the Lord
showed me some things. I saw some
meetings, some secret things taking
place, and the Lord said, 'Go back to the
1960s.'During
that
timeframe,
when Kennedy was president
and what was going on there. I wasn't
going to reveal a lot of what I saw
because of safety for my family, but I
will tell you this: it's something
to pray about. This is very serious what
the Lord showed me and what
they were planning—old ties were being
reunited. It was brought up
in the Russian news a couple
of days ago, talking about the exact same
thing the Lord warned me about in prayer
weeks prior. So here we are, another
major thing for people to pray about:
Havana. I'll leave that there. Now
I want to go to the things
the Lord has been warning me about:
praying about Israel striking Iran and
this causing a major uprising in
the Middle East. The United
States will be coinciding with this;
it
will be about the
oil. As I said, the Lord showed
me oil prices skyrocketing in the Middle
East, the petrodollar, and things like
that controlling the economy. There's a lot
of manipulation and darkness with
this.
As a prophetic
intercessor, the Lord shows me things,
and
I have to check
about saying this or that.
He has
not released me to say
everything, but I'm going to tell you we
need to pray over strikes against
Iran. It's going to increase. It's
about the oil,
the green agenda,
and
all the world economic stuff.
After they had that meeting, I'm
telling you, more stuff is coming.
I'm trying to warn
you about what I'm seeing and
praying about in the spirit so you can
pray with me. This is not a 'Debbie
Downer'or
'doom and gloom'message; I'm trying to warn you
as a watchman to pray and intercede.
We have power and authority in the
spirit realm.
As far as Cuba goes,
I'm still praying in the spirit
over it. I haven't received a
direction
of danger
per
se;
it's just like
I get these pulses like
heartbeats. The Lord will warn me
about these heartbeats, and
it's like
he
says,
'I need you to intercede for
this.'The
more I pray,
the more he shows me
pieces and meetings.
It's a caution—that's a good way to
say it.
Do
you remember
those games at the arcades
where that mole keeps sticking his head
up and you keep hitting him? Hit that
mole in the head, smack
him
down, and he falls. That
is
the devil; he is always
trying to rear his head, and we take
our spiritual sword and
smack him in the head with that Whac-A-Mole
action and
keep hitting him down in there.
He tries to figure out
where to
stick his head up next,
but we're going to keep hitting him
as
fast as we can
to
keep that
devil
down.
He tries
to stir
up drama in the
earth, like
everything down in Eagle
Pass and
at
the border. He
keeps trying to rear his head. We
have
to get to the
point where we're not just putting the
devil's fires out after he
starts them; we keep the fires from
starting. We stop chasing the devil; we
are
ahead because we know what's coming.
It's time to go deeper
and
come up higher in
intercessory prayer. The Holy Spirit
will show you things to come and
show you how to stop them before they even start.
He’ll
show you where that 'whack-a-mole'head
is
going to come up before it
even happens. He'll say, 'It's
going to come up over there next,'and you
hit it before he even
has
a chance to stick his
head out of that hole. I'm
trying to give you a
visual so the Body of Christ understands it's time
to come up higher
in
prayer
and
the
authority we have through Jesus
Christ. We are
seated with him in the heavenlies, far
above all principalities, powers, and
might. The
Holy Spirit dwells inside of you,
and we are able to take authority and
dominion over the devil. We
shouldn't be going around just
putting
out
fires.
Now,
my wife is going
to read this prophetic warning about
Israel and Iran that was given
several years ago.
I hope this blesses you.
Keep watching, and I'll be
back in a little bit to close this
out. We'll pray over
Iran,
Israel, and
the peace of Jerusalem. I'm not trying to preach
fear; I'm trying to wake you
all up.
We
are in
the
last of the last days. Jesus is coming soon. Look at the economy
and the signs in the heavens. God is trying to tell the people,
'I'm
coming.'I
hope
you're
ready.
(Wife):
This is a prophetic word
from
November 28th,
2019. I was observing a meeting of
military leaders with the supreme leader
of the Iran regime. They were seated at a
very large conference table,
curved like an oval.
On the far end
was the head man who had a white beard
and was wearing a white head wrap and a
long dark brown robe. Flanking him on
both sides were men in military
uniforms. They were speaking in their
language, but somehow I understood the
conversation. In a nutshell, the leader
said that Iran is in a crisis
both from without and within. Within, he
said it was the rise of Christian
revival in Iran. From without, it is
economic. 'The Great Satan,'as he called
the United States, has nearly crippled
our economy.
Then he said Allah had spoken to
him to gather those in that room and
tell them the time has now come to go to
war to end all wars, to destroy the
'Little Satan'and mortally wound the
'Great
Satan.'I
realized this
referred
to Israel and the U.S.
Everyone at the table then applauded and
shouted in unison, 'Our God is
greater!'and
'Death to our eternal
enemies!'The
leader continued and said the
Mahdi
Messiah is about to appear, and
we are to prepare his way. Even if Iran
falls, we must destroy the Zionist regime.
All is now prepared; we have the weapons
to overwhelm them and wipe the Little
Satan out and liberate the Middle
East. Then they all stood
and shouted over and over, 'Our God
is greater! Death to the
infidels!'Then
the Holy Spirit said to me,
'Iran's fanatical regime has plans
in place for a sudden, all-out attack
on Israel.'They plan to use the element
of surprise to launch a simultaneous
missile attack from all sides.
They believe it will overwhelm
the IDF missile defenses by the sheer
number of missiles. They
have nuclear capability now, though it is
limited and untested. Their
strategy is to knock out the
missile defenses first and then try to
sneak in the atomic warheads in the
deluge.
They have ten nuclear devices
hidden among their arsenal,
including one submarine. Tell my prayer
warriors to take authority and intercede
now so this evil plot will be stopped.
(Speaker):
Regarding
the
vision
I
had
back in
November, the
Antichrist agenda
was trying to come
on faster. They're even
asking for the Mahdi.
I told
y'all that
they worship the Mahdi on Fridays during
the seven years
of tribulation.
I told you I believe the person
I saw
was MBS. Most people say
there's no way, or they say it's Obama
or Trump. I'm telling
you,
you don't know what
you're talking about
because
I was there. I
was with Jesus Christ himself walking
the streets of America, and I saw it on
the screen. I'm trying to warn you
ahead of time. Does it change
anything? No, but it's something you can
pray about and have
eyes to see. I could not see
his eyes
or
his nose—the Lord blocked it
out—but
the mannerisms, the way he talks,
and
the way he flows
are
identical. And who is on the news over
there all the time right now? Who
is
the main
spokesperson for the people? The
Prince. It isn't anybody else, and it just
started to happen.
I'm not going to be here to
see it anyway. Jesus is coming back for
his bride, and we're
going to be caught up in a moment, in
the
twinkling of an eye. We're all going to
be changed. We're going home in the
Rapture.
We're not appointed unto wrath. God is
not a wife-beater;
he is not going
to beat his bride. He loves us.
For me and my
house, we're going in the Rapture.
I want to pray
for the safety of America. We have open
borders from a rogue president
who
doesn't know what he's doing,
and
people are pouring over. It's
not just people seeking refuge; there
are
terrorists.
This isn't Hollywood;
it's
real life.
I see mountains
right now and
hidden
things in
Iran—hills
and
caves
with hidden
things. The
Lord said the Israeli
intelligence knows about these
things.
I see
canisters; they're like silver
canisters full of
liquids, some of them gas. They are
like
huge kegs
in
an
underground tunnel
system.
I see a yellow mustard
gas; it is a gas in these, these
Agent
Orange.
It's
neurological.
I see
a
long
truck, and they are trying to transport these things.
I see them trying to
sneak
the back
way through the hills.
It's coming
through
Damascus.
I call every hidden thing to be
exposed
in the name of
Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you're
guiding the
intelligence and
speaking to them
through signs.
I just saw Iraq flash before
me—the
northern part.
I see
Jordan,
going clear into
Syria.
I see them chanting 'Death to
America.'It's
a rising up of so much
hatred.
Lord,
about
that
gas—it
makes the victim throw up and
causes convulsions.
It
causes
huge burns and
welts
upon the skin. I see
like your skin is
melting.
We pray for
protection against this evil
activity.
I thank you,
Lord,
that no weapon
formed against us would
prosper.
I'm going to end this
video here and pray over this
some
more.
Put a
smile on your face;
Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you
guys; have a nice day.